README.md, before:

# 2024 Road Trip Kolache Finder

[Find Kolaches](https://github.com/ssebree993/Calcite/) 2024 Road Trip Kolache Finder

## Introduction
People traveling in Texas and throughout the United States may be missing a local food specialty known as a kolache. Kolaches are a local snack with bread filled with meat, cheese, fruit or vegetables. The Kolache Tracker is an application for the general public, foodies, and tourists to gain a better understanding of where kolache bakeries are located in relation to a Buc-ees stop. People will be able to report a kolache bakery location and view other potential kolache bakeries their area through this application and Survey123.

## Features
- Interactive webmap with kolache layer and popup information showing photos
- Buc-ees gas locations symbolized by store size
- Add your own sighting using Survey123, accessible through plus button


## Technology Stack

**Front-end:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript

**Mapping Libraries and APIs:** Esri.js, ArcGIS Maps SDK for JavaScript

**Back-end:** ArcGIS Online

**Geospatial Database:** Hosted Feature Layer on AGOL

**Data Collection:** Survey123


## License
This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

Commit message:

Revise README for 2025 Mustang Island State Park Guide
Updated the README to reflect the new focus on Mustang Island State Park, including changes to the introduction and features sections.

README.md, after:

# 2025 Mustang Island State Park (MSP) Guide

[Find Mustang Island Activities](https://github.com/ssebree993/Geog777_Proj2) 2025 Mustang Island State Park (MSP) Guide

## Introduction
People visting the Corpus Christi Texasmay be interested in visting a convenenient location for outdoor activity. The Mustang Island State Park (MSP) managed by the Texas State Parks and Wildlife Department (TPWD) offers a variety of activities for families with children and is dog friendly.  Kite flying, kayaking, walking on the beach, fishing, camping and swimming are a few of the opportunities available to soak up some sun. The MSP guide is an application for the general visitor to gain a better understanding of where park features located in relation to a stay in the Corpus Christi / Port Aransas area. People will be able to report points of interest, take photos of wildlife and view other visitor's picture and comments through this application and Survey123.

## Features
- Interactive webmap with a points of interest layer and popup information showing photos
- Kayak trails symbolized by the name of the trail and three launch locations
- Find the campground and beach tent sites
- Locate the beach, dunes and marine marsh areas on a base map layer
- Add your own sighting using Survey123, accessible through plus button


## Technology Stack

**Front-end:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap

**Mapping Libraries and APIs:** Esri.js, ArcGIS Maps SDK for JavaScript

**Back-end:** ArcGIS Online

**Geospatial Database:** Hosted Feature Layers on AGOL

**Data Collection:** Survey123


## License
This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.
